So what exactly is routing then,
and why would we wanna add it to our React Application?
Well, I touched on it in the last lecture already.
At the moment all the React Apps we built in this course,
have the disadvantage that they have the same URL
no matter where in this app we are.
And therefore if we wanna share a URL,
a link to a certain feature
of one of the websites we're building,
we can only share a link to the starting page.
And then users have to navigate
to a specific feature manually.
Now in reality, you want websites
where you have different paths,
and those different paths in the URL load different pages
so that when the URL changes,
we change the visible content of the page.
We load different pages for different paths
and it's then the combination
of all those pages with their own paths
that make up the overall website.
That is how the web works,
and that is how our React App should work as well.
We have different visual elements,
we have different pages if you wanna call it like this,
and each page should have its own URL
or its own path after our domain.
And when that path changes,
the visual content of the page should change.
Now when we're not working with React,
when we have a traditional Multi-Page App
where we have some server
which sends back different HTML files,
we would typically build something like this
by simply storing different HTML files on the server,
or by generating those files dynamically on the server.
And then for requests to different URLs,
different HTML pages are sent back to the client
and these pages can then be rendered by the browser.
Now this approach works,
but it's not the approached we used
up to this point in the course.
Because when we use different HTML pages,
we don't have a Single Page App,
and that means that whenever we change the URL,
we leave our running client side app.
We lose all the state there.
We have to wait for, to request response cycle
and we have to let the browser render this new page.
And that's one of the reasons why we switched to React.
We don't wanna have this traditional flow.
Instead we wanna load a client side application
so a JavaScript web app, which runs in the browser,
and we wanna utilize this application
to change what's visible on the screen with JavaScript
so that we can provide this very instant
reactive user experience,
which we can do with JavaScript in the browser
and fetching different HTML pages doesn't fit in there
because there we leave the browser request a new page
rendered in new page,
and that's not this reactive experience
which we typically wanna offer.
So this approach doesn't work here.
We still wanna build a single page application step.
And now the good news is that we can do that.
We can continue building a Single Page Application
and we therefore only have one HTML page,
which is initially loaded
when a user first visits our website
and then thereafter we have JavaScript to take over.
But the good thing is that
we can also take a look at the URL and manipulate the URL
and that path after our domain with JavaScript,
and we can deal for also write or use some client site,
some React code, which controls the URL and which changes,
what we see on the screen, when that URL changes
or when a link is clicked without fetching a new HTML file.
So we need some code that works with the URL
that works with that path after the domain
and THERE listens to clicks on links on our page
to update that path into URL,
but which then actually does not send a request
to the server for a new HTML file,
but in stat, this code, which we write*
or does package which we add
should block does browser default.
And instead update, what's visible on the screen
with client side JavaScript with React.
So we want the package, which does all that routing
and which looks at the URL
and brings different components
onto the screen based on URL changes.
But which does all of that in the browser,
we need to write code that does that
or we use a third-party package that does that.
And thankfully there is a third party package for that.